OSDOCS-16941: DITA abstracts — OLM catalog/config topics (#115366)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/olm-creating-fb-catalog-image.adoc

[id="olm-creating-fb-catalog-image_{context}"]
= Creating a file-based catalog image

[role="_abstract"]

> To build an Operator catalog for {product-title} in the file-based catalog format, you can use the `opm` CLI to initialize a catalog directory and generate a container image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the `opm` CLI to create a catalog image that uses the plain text _file-based catalog_ format (JSON or YAML), which replaces the deprecated SQLite database format.
```
